- [Instructor] The final topic in this chapter
that we need to discuss is proxies.
Proxies are essentially aspected behavior that is applied
to your classes by the framework under various conditions.
In Spring, everything is a proxy.
And this comes with some considerations.
This behavior was added in Spring 4.0.
All of your classes, regardless of their annotations,
get wrapped with at least one proxy.
Proxies are used to add behavior to your class.
Many of the proxies have specific purposes that enable you
to write code cleaner, things like transactional boundaries.
Spring uses both JDK and CGLib-based proxies
in its operation.
I mentioned a moment ago that there are some considerations
when using proxies.
First and foremost, and one that will cause a defect
at least once if you don't remember this, is that proxies
can only apply their behavior when a call
goes through to proxy.
Private methods don't get exposed via the proxy
so they will now have behavior added to them.
In fact, for the same reason, internal calls
don't get proxy behavior either.
This lack of behavior as mentioned can be a source of bugs.
One way that I have experienced this
was in transactional rollbacks.
When I have written some JDBC template code
using transactions, internal calls will burn me
because the rollback on exception wasn't handled
because it wasn't part of the proxy
because it was an internal method.
So keep this in mind.
Don't call reference methods on the same class
and expect them to have behavior added to them
by the proxy.